README.md, before:

# Some Watson's Home Page

Create a place for Some Watson to live on the web like it's 1997. This will be the new page for https://somewatson.com

### Washodo
What is Washodo? It's our community we're building for creators. We have an application live and anyone can apply!

**Wa**tson**Sho**DesuPud**do**

### Completed Tasks List
Monday June 23, 2025
- [x] Got VS Code up and running with extensions
- [x] Got the HTML preview server working
- [x] Learned we could use `sudo`
- [x] Installed programs like wget, oh-my-zsh, etc.
- [x] Troubleshooted a regression with code-server
- [x] Created an index.html file 
- [x] Imported the Tailwind CSS from CDN
- [x] Created a css folder, with index.css in it

Tuesday June 24, 2025
- [x] Applied smooth scrolling
- [x] Figure out how to add images
- [x] Made a little Tailwind css card
- [x] Learned how Tailwind css utility classes work

Wednesday June 25, 2025
- [x] Added sections for Puddo
- [x] Autocomplete Tailwind classes in VS Code 
- [x] Finish out list of things I like

Thursday June 26, 2025
- [x] Fix grid
- [x] A floating button at the bottom right that goes back to the top
- [x] Make the scroll effect lock in at each page, once you start, it'll finish it for you

Saturday June 28, 2025
- [x] Stream every day this week (wow!)
- [x] Create a floating table of contents in the top left

Sunday June 29, 2025
- [x] Indicate which page I'm currently on

*Break for AX 2025* 

Sunday July 13, 2025
- [ ] Create a list of social media links (twitch, youtube, discord)

### Todo List

Up Next
- [ ] Under discord, describe the community we're building (Washodo, the most positive community in League/Gaming)

For Later
- [ ] Core memories and lore
- [ ] Add a section for friends

### Notes
* Code-server has 3 methods for accessing web services, such as the HTTP server that runs in preview mode. 
    * The first is subdomain, the next is subpath, and the final is using your own proxy. 
    * Source: https://coder.com/docs/code-server/guide#using-a-subpath
    * We ended up using the subpath method
* Rano and Sportsliker mentioned, try importing tailwind through the css file for intellisense to work properly
    * Right now, it's imported inside of the HTML from the CDN

Commit message:

feat: Add Github to Socials
Also:
- Change default font size from lg to sm
- Add more description for Watson on page 1

README.md, after:

# Some Watson's Home Page

Create a place for Some Watson to live on the web like it's 1997. This will be the new page for https://somewatson.com

### Washodo
What is Washodo? It's our community we're building for creators. We have an application live and anyone can apply!

**Wa**tson**Sho**DesuPud**do**

### Completed Tasks List
Monday June 23, 2025
- [x] Got VS Code up and running with extensions
- [x] Got the HTML preview server working
- [x] Learned we could use `sudo`
- [x] Installed programs like wget, oh-my-zsh, etc.
- [x] Troubleshooted a regression with code-server
- [x] Created an index.html file 
- [x] Imported the Tailwind CSS from CDN
- [x] Created a css folder, with index.css in it

Tuesday June 24, 2025
- [x] Applied smooth scrolling
- [x] Figure out how to add images
- [x] Made a little Tailwind css card
- [x] Learned how Tailwind css utility classes work

Wednesday June 25, 2025
- [x] Added sections for Puddo
- [x] Autocomplete Tailwind classes in VS Code 
- [x] Finish out list of things I like

Thursday June 26, 2025
- [x] Fix grid
- [x] A floating button at the bottom right that goes back to the top
- [x] Make the scroll effect lock in at each page, once you start, it'll finish it for you

Saturday June 28, 2025
- [x] Stream every day this week (wow!)
- [x] Create a floating table of contents in the top left

Sunday June 29, 2025
- [x] Indicate which page I'm currently on

*Break for AX 2025* 

Sunday July 13, 2025
- [x] Create a list of social media links (twitch, youtube, discord)
- [x] Fix page 5 narrow width rendering
- [x] Add `target="_blank"` for external links (ty bond)
- [ ] Describe the community we're building (Washodo, the most positive community in League/Gaming)

### Todo List

Up Next
- [ ] Core memories and lore

For Later
- [ ] Add a section for friends

### Notes
* Code-server has 3 methods for accessing web services, such as the HTTP server that runs in preview mode. 
    * The first is subdomain, the next is subpath, and the final is using your own proxy. 
    * Source: https://coder.com/docs/code-server/guide#using-a-subpath
    * We ended up using the subpath method
* Rano and Sportsliker mentioned, try importing tailwind through the css file for intellisense to work properly
    * Right now, it's imported inside of the HTML from the CDN
